= streamtagger

* http://github.com/dramsay/streamtagger
* streamtagger.rubyforge.org

== DESCRIPTION:

Streamtagger provides command-line ability to save the artist and name of the track currently being streamed in iTunes. 

== FEATURES/PROBLEMS:

Streamtagger is compatible with Mac OS X only.

== SYNOPSIS:

I usually work in Terminal or MacVim and I don't want to have to switch to iTunes and copy the information if I hear a track I love and want to check out later. 

With streamtagger installed, all I have to do is type 'stag' from the command line and the info is stored without breaking my current train of thought. 
The storage file defaults to /Users/<your username>/Desktop/streamtagger.txt, but can be changed by adding a TAGGER_FILE environment variable with the value of your 
preferred path.

(By the way, I recommend Groove Salad on http://soma.fm.)

== REQUIREMENTS:

Streamtagger depends on a fork of the rubyosa gem (hosted at http://github.com/dramsay/rubyosa) which in turn depends on version 0.3.8.4 of the libxml-ruby gem.

== INSTALL:

If you haven't already, add gems.github.com to your gem sources (you only need to do this once):

sudo gem sources -a http://gems.github.com 

Then, install the gem: 

sudo gem install dramsay-streamtagger

== LICENSE:

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2009 Doug Ramsay

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.